(Re)PR for remaining changes for (PR #7643) (#7519)
micropython/micropython: docs/rp2/quickref.rst

General board control
---------------------

> The MicroPython REPL is on the USB serial port. Tab-completion is useful to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MicroPython REPL is accessed via the USB serial port. Tab-completion is useful to
```

Timers
------

RP2040's system timer peripheral provides a global microsecond timebase and
generates interrupts for the same. The software timer is available currently,

> and there are unlimited number of them available (limited by memory). There is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and there are unlimited number of them available (memory permitting). There is
```

UART (serial bus)
-----------------

There are two UARTs, UART0 and UART1. UART0 can be mapped to GPIO 1/2, 12/13
and 16/17, and UART1 to GPIO 6/7 and 8/9. Since for using the UART GPIO
numbers have to be used, these should be mentioned and can be seen in the pin
diagram below:

> .. image:: img/UARTpinout.png

Reviewer 2: This image has not been added as part of this PR, so the docs have an error when building.

What I would suggest is to change the image at the top of the quickref to the full Pico pinout, eg the one here: https://peppe8o.com/raspberry-pi-pico-pinout/

    :alt: Pin Diagram Raspberry Pi Pico
    :width: 640px

See :ref:`machine.UART <machine.UART>`. ::

    from machine import UART

>     uart1 = UART(1, baudrate=9600, tx=33, rx=32)

Reviewer: Should these lines be removed?

    from machine import UART, Pin
    uart1 = UART(1, baudrate=9600, tx=Pin(4), rx=Pin(5))
    uart1.write('hello')  # write 5 bytes
    uart1.read(5)         # read up to 5 bytes

.. note::
    
    REPL over UART is disabled by default. You can see the :ref:`rp2_intro` for
    details on how to enable REPL over UART.

PWM (pulse width modulation)
----------------------------

There are 8 independent channels each of which have 2 outputs making it 16

> PWM channels in total which can be clocked from 7Hz to 125Mhz. 

Reviewer: Question (perhaps for @dpgeorge): should we specify the PWM resolution?

Reviewer 2: Not at this stage.

ADC (analog to digital conversion)
----------------------------------

RP2040 has five ADC channels in total, four of which are 12-bit SAR based
ADCs: GP26, GP27, GP28 and GP29. The input signal for ADC0, ADC1 and ADC2 can

> be connected with GP26, GP27, GP28. The standard ADC range is 0-3.3V. The fifth channel 

Reviewer 2: I think it's possible to use ADC3 with GP29.  Or did you find information that says it won't work?

Reviewer 2: Include ADC3/GP29 in this list but add a note that "on Pico GP29 is connected to VSYS"

Hardware SPI bus
----------------

The RP2040 has 2 hardware SPI buses which is accessed via the
:ref:`machine.SPI <machine.SPI>` class and has the same methods as software
SPI above::

    from machine import Pin, SPI

>     spi = SPI(1, 10000000)  # Default assignment: sck=Pin(10), mosi=Pin(11), miso=Pin(8) 

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, but MicroPython supports underscores in numeric literals which improves readability particularly with large numbers:

```suggestion
    spi = SPI(1, 10_000_000)  # Default assignment: sck=Pin(10), mosi=Pin(11), miso=Pin(8) 
```

    from machine import RTC

    rtc = RTC()

>     rtc.datetime((2017, 8, 23, 1, 12, 48, 0, 0)) # set a specific date and time

Reviewer: Perhaps add that datetime to the end of the comment: "2017/8/23 1:12:48"
